Stage 1:

Q.1.1 Consider an example where N = 551, e = 5, d = 101 and c = 243.  Using
      your own words, briefly explain and illustrate the working principle
      of this attack (i.e., how and why it works).
Q.1.2 To prevent the attack, the vendor suggests altering the software: the
      idea is that no matter what error occurs, the same error code will be
      produced.  Explain whether (and why, or why not) this change alone is
      sufficient.
Q.1.4 This attack is based on the fact that decrypting a ciphertext of the
      form c = (f^e)*c' mod N produces a plaintext of the form f*m' mod N.
      Show why this fact is true.


Stage 2:

Q.2.1 The vendor of this attack target is concerned that news of this attack
      could scare off potential customers; they will make any alteration
      necessary (in software or hardware) to prevent the attack.  Explain
      the options they have, and which one you would recommend.
Q.2.2 Assuming a Montgomery multiplication takes n (simulated) clock cycles
      on the attack target, estimate the value of n (as accurately as you
      can) and explain how you did so.
Q.2.8 The level of noise, n, within measurements of execution time will
      influence the number of measurements, m, required for a successful
      attack.  Explain what the relationship between n and m is (i.e., how
      you expect m to grow as n grows).


Stage 3:

Q.3.1 Imagine that instead of influencing data (i.e., the state matrix), a
      fault can influence control-flow (e.g., conditional statements, loop
      structure) somehow during execution.  Stating any assumptions you
      make, give an alternative attack strategy based on this ability.
Q.3.2 The question does not specify how faults are induced.  For the given
      attack target and context, explain one viable approach.
Q.3.4 How do the properties of different AES round functions influence the
      effectiveness of your attack?  More specifically, imagine SubBytes is
      removed: does this help or hinder your attack?


Stage 4:

Q.4.1 As a security consultant, you have been working on a prototype of the
      attack target; before the product is deployed, the vendor is willing
      to make any alteration necessary (in software or hardware) to prevent
      the attack.  Explain the options available, and which one you would
      recommend.
Q.4.2 Your implementation of this attack will target some operation during
      execution of AES.  Identify which operation you target, and explain
      why.  Outline other operation(s) you could have targeted, and why they
      might be a better or worse choice.
Q.4.5 The power consumption traces you used in this attack are perfectly
      aligned.  What does "alignment" mean in this context, and how could
      misalignment occur in practice?  How could you alter your attack
      strategy to compensate for misalignment?
